docs: add ComfyUI 1.12.6 migration guide (#3619)
beclab/Olares: docs/use-cases/comfyui-common-issues.md

If you are encountering an issue that is not listed here, refer to [Troubleshooting flow](./comfyui-launcher#troubleshooting-flow).
:::

> ## How to migrating to the new ComfyUI after upgrading to Olares 1.12.6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to migrate to the new ComfyUI after upgrading to Olares 1.12.6
```

Olares 1.12.6 brings a major update to the [shared app](/manual/olares/market/shared-apps) system. As a result, you cannot update ComfyUI in place. Instead, you need to install the new ComfyUI app, which is built on the updated architecture. Just follow the migration steps below, and all your data (including models, plugins, workflows, and files) will be moved over automatically. 

> Your existing `ComfyUI Shared` will continue to work after upgrading to 1.12.6, but it cannot receive further updates. We recommend migrating to the new version as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this section if you upgraded to Olares 1.12.6 and already had ComfyUI Shared installed. If you are installing ComfyUI for the first time on Olares 1.12.6 or later, install ComfyUI directly from Market.

Olares 1.12.6 updates the [shared app](/manual/olares/market/shared-apps) architecture. The old ComfyUI Shared app can still run after the upgrade, but it cannot receive future updates. To keep ComfyUI up to date, uninstall the old app without deleting local data, then install the new ComfyUI app from Market.

:::warning
When uninstalling the old app, do not select **Also remove all local data**. Selecting this option may delete your models, plugins, workflows, and input/output files.
:::
```

### Migration steps

1. Uninstall the current `ComfyUI Shared`. In the popup dialog, **DO NOT** check "Also remove all local data".
2. Open Market and search for **ComfyUI**. Click **Install**.

   On the app's detail page, check the **Compatibility** field under **Information**. If it shows **"Olares >=1.12.6-0"**, you have the new version.

:::info
After uninstalling, your models, plugins, workflows, and input/output files remain on your device. The new ComfyUI automatically locates and migrates them.

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Market and go to **My Olares**.
2. Find ComfyUI Shared, click the dropdown arrow next to its operation button, and select **Uninstall**.
3. In the **Uninstall** window, leave **Also remove all local data** unselected, then click **Confirm**.
4. In Market, search for "ComfyUI" and click **Install**.
5. On the app details page, check **Information** > **Compatibility**. If it shows `Olares >=1.12.6-0`, you are installing the new version.
6. After installation, open ComfyUI and check that your models, plugins, workflows, and input/output files are available.
```

### What gets migrated

After the new ComfyUI is installed, data is migrated automatically as follows:

| Data type | Old location | New location |
|:---|:---|:---|
| ComfyUI core (plugins, workflows, etc.) | `External/<your_hostname>/ai/comfyui/` | `/Data/comfyuisharev3/comfyui/` |
| Models | `External/<your_hostname>/ai/model/` | `Common/comfyui/model/` |
| Output files | `External/<your_hostname>/ai/output/comfyui/` | `Common/comfyui/output/` |
| Input files | `External/<your_hostname>/ai/comfyui/ComfyUI/input/` | `Common/comfyui/input/` |

> :::warning
> After migration, do not upload models or input files to `External/<your_hostname>/ai/`. The new ComfyUI no longer mounts these directories and will not recognize files placed there.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
After migration, upload new models and input files to the new locations under `Common/comfyui/`. The new ComfyUI no longer uses `External/<your_hostname>/ai/` as its active file location.
:::
```

> The migration runs every time ComfyUI restarts. If new files are added under the old paths, they will be migrated to the new locations on the next restart, and the originals under `External/<your_hostname>/ai/` will be deleted. To avoid file conflicts and migration delays, use the new directories for uploading files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration runs each time ComfyUI restarts. If files are later added to the old locations, ComfyUI will move them to the new locations on the next restart and delete the originals from `External/<your_hostname>/ai/`. To avoid confusion, upload new files directly to the new locations.
```

If you are encountering an issue that is not listed here, refer to [Troubleshooting flow](./comfyui-launcher#troubleshooting-flow).
:::

## How to migrate to the new ComfyUI after upgrading to Olares 1.12.6

Use this section if you upgraded to Olares 1.12.6 and already had ComfyUI Shared installed. If you are installing ComfyUI for the first time on Olares 1.12.6 or later, install ComfyUI directly from Market.

> Olares 1.12.6 updates the [shared app](/manual/olares/market/shared-apps) architecture. The old ComfyUI Shared app can still run after the upgrade, but it cannot receive future updates. To keep ComfyUI up to date, uninstall the old app without deleting local data, then install the new ComfyUI app from Market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Olares 1.12.6 updates the shared app architecture. The old ComfyUI Shared app can still run after the upgrade, but it cannot receive future updates. To keep ComfyUI up to date, uninstall the old app without deleting local data, then install the new ComfyUI app from Market.
```
